# FE595-final
## Contribution
Task assignment


Dan Wang:

* Analyze and design prototype .
* Develop the function of Scraping.py which grasps the id of a movie like Harry Potter and comments following it
* Creates a csv file for date, review, and rating(may missed) for movie.
* Program an id analysis function to interpret id input from user and to generate the full name of the movie associated with id.
* Test and degbug programs. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Yixi Zhou:

* Make project plan and monitor schedules
* Import the downloaded film csv data file to Python.

* Clean the rating data, remove NAs, classify the remaining rating and use rank 1-10 to express each one.

* Merge the scrapy file, the clean data file and the regression file to one main file. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Hao Chen:

* Utilize SentimentIntensityAnalyzer in nlp to program a function quantify all the comments related to the input movie in clean data csv.
* Develop an linear regression method to fit movie grades  to comments grades quantified by nlp.
* Fill the grades for records with blank grade column based on the parameters from linear regression and create rectified csv.
* Grade the input movie according to the average score of all comments and respond the final result.
* Develop the front page to display the final result. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Usage
* You should pip install rotten_tomatoes_client
* the Get_id uses the api to get the id of movie.
* Simply run Scraping.py, you will receive a csv file for date, review, and rating(may missed) for movie harry potter.
* By importing Scraping, you could get access to my function, the only parameter need to pass the id of the movie.
* Importing ratingclean, you could run ratingclean function to standardize all rates based on the grades ranged from 0 to 10.
* You could see the clean data of rating by opening the file ratingclean.csv.
* The Regression.py grades all comments by utilizing SentimentIntensityAnalyzer in nlp. 
* Then Regression.py will compute the intercept and coefficient of linear reagression between comments grade and ratings(if not missed).
* All the records with blank rating column will be graded based on intercept and coeffieicnt generated by Regression.py.
* After that, ratingRectification.csv with all rating cells filled will be created by Regression.py.
* Finally, Regression.py will compute a ScoreResponded with average value of all ratings as the final grade of that movie  and respond the grade to the user.

## Tips
| You need to change the route of file while running the program including the function of reading csv.

## Copy Right
### Author: 
* Dan Wang 
* Yixi Zhou
* Hao Chen


